Rework destinations intro documentation (#9894)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/cdp/destinations/index.md

> Destinations require the data pipeline add-on in [your billing settings](https://us.posthog.com/organization/billing).

As PostHog data arrives, you can export it *immediately* to other tools. You can use this for things like:

- Conversion tracking
- Monitoring key events with your chat platform
- Enriching customer data in your CRM
- Triggering automations

> PostHog enables you to send realtime data to dozens of pre-configured destinations. Check out the [data pipeline tab](https://us.posthog.com/project/2/pipeline/overview) and choose **destinations** to get started.

Reviewer: Anytime we include a URL we should remove the "project/2" part. The UI will redirect appropriately when it loads and that way we aren't confusing things.

```suggestion
PostHog enables you to send realtime data to dozens of pre-configured destinations. Check out the [data pipeline tab](https://us.posthog.com/pipeline/overview) and choose **destinations** to get started.
```

Author: Oh thank you for this, that's great to know

![Destinations list in PostHog](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/destinations_list_acc7e07ae7.png)

Missing a destination you need? Our [webhook destination](/docs/cdp/destinations/webhook) enables you to send events to any HTTP endpoint, using whatever request method, URL parameter values, and JSON payload structure your application requires. You can mix hard-coded keys and values with any person or event data. This integrates PostHog with yet more tools, or even your own internal services.

Wherever your data is going, we’ve built destinations for many popular tools to get you up and running with just a few minutes of effort.

## Filtering

Instead of the firehose of all your PostHog data, you can construct a query that filters by event types, properties, or any HogQL statement you can come up with, so that only the information you care about is sent to your destination.

![Filtering destinations](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/filter_ui_8c7b1fb3be.png)

## Testing

> The hardest part of integrating two services is making sure everything works as you expect. Every destination includes a built-in testing interface, enabling you to send real data from PostHog on-demand to your target service and debug any errors.

Reviewer 2: This is amazing. ❤️

Author: Truly. The DX for destinations is just fucking EXQUISITE, as good as it gets.

![Destination testing UI](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/destination_testing_ui_e95cff873b.png)

## Keep an eye on things

Once your destination is up and running, the **metrics** and **logs** tabs will let you monitor usage and inspect errors.

![Destination logs](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/destination_logs_4c9c2ca6b2.png)

## Going deeper

For complete control of your destination’s behavior, you can view and edit the underlying Hog code that drives it. Experiment with rewriting your destination’s implementation to better address your needs, if the pre-built templates don’t quite do the job.

> [Learn more about this in customizing destinations](/docs/cdp/destinations/advanced).

Reviewer 2: I wasn't sure about this, but I think the link should point to `/customizing-destinations` and not to `/advanced`?

```suggestion
Learn more about this in [customizing destinations](/docs/cdp/destinations/customizing-destinations).
```

Author: THANK YOU for catching this, yeah, missed this consequence of changing the path

> Destinations require the data pipeline add-on in [your billing settings](https://us.posthog.com/organization/billing).

> ## Using destinations

Reviewer 3: Since this is the first title, we can just rely on the pagename
```suggestion
```

As PostHog data arrives, you can export it *immediately* to other tools. You can use this for things like:

- Conversion tracking
- Monitoring key events with your chat platform
- Enriching customer data in your CRM
- Triggering automations

> PostHog enables you to send realtime data to dozens of pre-configured destinations. Check out the Integrations tab and choose **destinations** to get moving.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
PostHog enables you to send realtime data to dozens of pre-configured destinations. Check out the [data pipeline tab](https://us.posthog.com/project/2/pipeline/overview) and choose **destinations** to get started.
```

![Destinations list in PostHog](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/destinations_list_acc7e07ae7.png)

> Missing a destination you need? Our [webhook destination]() enables you to send events to any HTTP endpoint, using whatever request method, URL parameter values and JSON payload structure your application requires. You can mix hard-coded keys and values with any person or event data. This integrates PostHog with yet more tools, or even your own internal services.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Missing a destination you need? Our [webhook destination](/docs/cdp/destinations/webhook) enables you to send events to any HTTP endpoint, using whatever request method, URL parameter values, and JSON payload structure your application requires. You can mix hard-coded keys and values with any person or event data. This integrates PostHog with yet more tools, or even your own internal services.
```

> Wherever your data is going, we’ve built destination templates to get you up and running with just a few minutes of effort.

Reviewer 3: Link to destination templates? I'm not sure where these are living on the site now.

Author: I think this is actually just our internal nomenclature leaking out and I should just say "destinations"

## Filtering

Instead of the firehose of all your PostHog data, you can construct a query that filters by event types, properties, or any HogQL statement you can come up with, so that only the information you care about is sent to your destination.

![Filtering destinations](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/filter_ui_8c7b1fb3be.png)

## Testing

The hardest part of integrating two services is making sure everything works as you expect. Every destination includes a built-in testing interface, enabling you to send real data from PostHog on-demand to your target service and debug any errors.

> ![Destination testing UI](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/destination_testing_ui_3fa41f99f2.png)

Reviewer: This has an access token in the log... Generally I would _not_ recommend that 😅 even if it is a testing one it doesn't look great to have that in our public docs...

Author: VERY reasonable, replacing

## Keep an eye on things

Once your destination is up and running, the **metrics** and **logs** tabs will let you monitor usage and inspect errors.

![Destination logs](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/destination_logs_4c9c2ca6b2.png)

## Going deeper

For complete control of your destination’s behavior, you can view and edit the underlying Hog code that drives it. Experiment with rewriting your destination’s implementation to better address your needs, if the pre-built templates don’t quite do the job.

[Learn more about this in advanced usage](/docs/cdp/advanced).

> ## Caveats

Reviewer 3: I still think this should go in the FAQ

Author: So I debated that in my mind quite a bit as well, here is my argument for keeping it here:

I think these are more gotchas than they are FAQs, so I want to be upfront about burying them. If someone trips up based on one of these issues, I don't want them to assume that the feature is broken and give up on it.

### How many events can I send to a destination?

There is no limit on the number of events to be processed but the system requires that the destination responds with healthy status codes (non 5xx) and in a timely fashion. 

### What can cause a destination to be automatically disabled?

If the destination performs poorly (too many errors, too slow) for a prolonged period, your destination will be quarantined and eventually disabled. We will try to re-enable it automatically after a temporary disabled period, before stopping it entirely. You then need to modify either the filters or the destination and re-enable it in the UI to get it running again.

The key metrics that we observe to determine poor performance are:

1. Errors thrown within the code (for example if you try to access a property that doesn't exist).
2. Repeatedly slow responses from the destination. Some slow HTTP calls are fine but if you send thousands of events and the destination can't keep up, we will eventually disable it to protect ourselves and the destination.

> We **do not** consider 4xx HTTP codes to be poor performance. Some destinations utilize these responses to determine if a follow up HTTP call is required (for example a 409 conflict indicating a record already exists). Non "OK" statuses will be logged in order to help you debug potential issues.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We **do not** consider 4xx HTTP codes to be poor performance. Some destinations utilize these responses to determine if a follow up HTTP call is required (for example a 409 conflict indicating a record already exists). Non "OK" statuses are logged to help you debug potential issues.
```

### How do you handle retries?

> By default, all HTTP calls (`fetch` calls in Hog) are expected to return a 2xx response. If we get a non-OK response we will retry up to 3 times depending on the error codes. We may modify this logic as we make improvements to try and balance reliability and speed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, all HTTP calls (`fetch` calls in Hog) are expected to return a 2xx response. If we get a non-OK response, we will retry up to 3 times depending on the error codes. We may modify this logic as we make improvements to try and balance reliability and speed.
```
